updating docs (#688)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/docs/pages/tutorials/quickstart-dashboard.md

```text
user_question = """

> Create a page showing 1 card, 1 chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a page showing 1 card and 1 chart.
```

dashboard = vizro_ai._dashboard([df], user_question)
```

> The call to `_dashboard()` triggers the dashboard building process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The call to `_dashboard()` triggers the dashboard generation process. By default, it generates the Vizro `Dashobard` Object.
```

## 7. Build dashboard
Once Vizro-AI finishes the dashboard generation process, launch the dashboard with `build()`.

> 

Reviewer: This section is confusing me -- sorry. 

In line 91, we have a call to `_dashboard()` which triggers the "building process".

Then line 94 says "Once Vizro-AI finishes the dashboard generation process" and that you need to call `build()`. 

But didn't line 91 kick off the build according to the text. What's the difference between generation and build?

The names seem odd if the one that doesn't include the word "build" does the building and the one that does have "build" is the launcher. 

Could you clarify for me please @nadijagraca ?

Reviewer 2: Thanks for pointing out, very good point! So to be more specific, 

`_dashboard()` generates the Vizro Dashboard object.

`Vizro().build(dashboard)` builds the dashboard.

Author: As Lingyi mentioned below, `_dashboard()` generates the Vizro Dashboard object, but we need to do `Vizro().build(dashboard).run()` to run the dashboard.

> The call to `_dashboard()` triggers the dashboard generation process. By default, it generates the Vizro `Dashobard` Object.
> 
> ## 7. Build dashboard
> Once Vizro-AI finishes the dashboard generation process, launch the dashboard with `build()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call to `_dashboard()` initiates dashboard generation. By default, it generates the Vizro `Dashobard` Object.

## 7. Build dashboard
Once dashboard generation is complete, launch the dashboard with `build()`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe slightly shorter but what you have is also good.
